guys its October 8
here hunting my
shot well a couple hours ago shot my
first beer I felt a sauce that was at
7:45 I've been up in the tree waiting so
he's over there
when I shot him shot him at about 20
yards crashed through the bush down that
way and I just been waiting because God
take time now to take to the our shop
9:15 now I shot him at 7:45 so it's been
like an hour and a half since I shot him
I'm gonna get down soon go start
tracking him had four doze walked by 15
minutes ago so we'll get back to you
courtesy first first buck
first year
oh there he is what do you got Curtis
all right what do we got Curtis Oh
little 10-point oh look at that huh get
in there I see the happy boy that's your
arrow up and we both where did you go
hey that's a gnarly one a soap on them
up points nice
this little boy congratulations Kurtis
what time did you shoot that this
morning
7:45 7:45 let's what 10:30 or so 7:45
you let him lay for a couple hours which
was nice we didn't push him let him lay
down it's now what time and 30 and the
date is October 8th 2012 my first bucks
a 10-point good job Curtis good job
you